WIP BZ1886229, BZ1937285 - Multipathing, zfcp (#32413)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-z-user-infra-machines-iso.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> If additional LUNs are configured with NPIV, FCP requires `zfcp.allow_lun_scan=0`. If you need to enable `zfcp.allow_lun_scan=1` because you are using a CSI driver, for example, you must configure your NPIV so that each node cannot access the boot partition of another node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If additional LUNs are configured with NPIV, FCP requires `zfcp.allow_lun_scan=0`. If you must enable `zfcp.allow_lun_scan=1` because you use a CSI driver, for example, you must configure your NPIV so that each node cannot access the boot partition of another node.
```

> ! need to _verb_
Use "need to" only when "must" is too restrictive. For example, "you do not need to" is not the same as "you
must not".

> Use simple verbs and tenses.

====
... Leave all other parameters unchanged.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Additional post-installation steps are required to fully enable multipathing. For more information, see “Enabling multipathing with kernel arguments on {op-system}" in _Post-installation machine configuration tasks_.

Reviewer: Consider just saying this here:
```suggestion
Additional post-installation steps are required to fully enable multipathing.
```

And adding an xref in the `.Next steps` section of the assembly.

I also suggest changing the NOTE to IMPORTANT.
